README.md, before:

# WARNING!

This application implements a notebook interface which allows execution
of arbitrary JavaScript code from the notebooks it loads.  If you receive
a notebook from an unknown or untrusted source and load and evaluate it,
you will be excuting JavaScript code from that source.  Beware.

---

# Availability

* Try it [here](https://blackguard.github.io/esbook/build/src/index.html)
* Code [repository](https://github.com/blackguard/esbook)

---

# Stucture of the Notebook

The notebook is constructed from a series of Interaction Elements.
Each Interaction Element (ie) is divided into an _input_ and, below,
an _output_.

# Interaction Elements

...

## Expression Evaluation

Within an expression, the "this" object references the eval_state
object of the notebook.  This object persists until the notebook
is opened to a new file or is cleared, at which point it is reset
to an empty object {}.

During evaluation, this.eval_context references an object whose
properties are available directly for evaluation within any
interaction element, without the need to prefix them with any parent
object.  In this sense, this.eval_context acts like a global
environment for the notebook without the need to modify globalThis.

global_export(...objects) assigns new properties to this.eval_context.
Those properties then become available "globally".  Note that the
"global" objects are available from any interaction element, that
is until the notebook is opened to a new file or is cleared.

Other properties set on the "this" object, like the "global"
properties, persist until the notebook is opened to a new file or
is cleared.  However, those properties must be prefixed by "this."
to reference them.

A return statement within an interaction element terminates the
evaluation and the value of the return statement becomes the result
of the evaluation, and that result will be output.

### Ephemeral eval_context

During evaluation, a number of other values are available "globally",
though these values do not persist after the particular evaluation
(except for references from async code started during the evaluation).
These values include output_context (which provides utilities for
manipulation of the output of the interaction element), various
mathematics interfaces, and various graphics functions and other
functions to manipluate the output.  Also included are:

    settings:       current settings
    theme_settings: current theme_settings
    import_lib:     import other libraries from the lib/ directory
    global_export:  export new "global" properties
    is_stopped:     determine if the evaluation has been stopped
    delay_ms:       return a Promise that resolves after a specified delay

These all continue to be available even after the evaluation has
returned if there are any async actions still active.
See the method _create_ephemeral_eval_context().

Commit message:

rename global_export() to vars() and have it return undefined to make it work well with ${} substitutions (producing no output)

README.md, after:

# WARNING!

This application implements a notebook interface which allows execution
of arbitrary JavaScript code from the notebooks it loads.  If you receive
a notebook from an unknown or untrusted source and load and evaluate it,
you will be excuting JavaScript code from that source.  Beware.

---

# Availability

* Try it [here](https://blackguard.github.io/esbook/build/src/index.html)
* Code [repository](https://github.com/blackguard/esbook)

---

# Stucture of the Notebook

The notebook is constructed from a series of Interaction Elements.
Each Interaction Element (ie) is divided into an _input_ and, below,
an _output_.

# Interaction Elements

...

## Expression Evaluation

Within an expression, the "this" object references the eval_state
object of the notebook.  This object persists until the notebook
is opened to a new file or is cleared, at which point it is reset
to an empty object {}.

During evaluation, this.eval_context references an object whose
properties are available directly for evaluation within any
interaction element, without the need to prefix them with any parent
object.  In this sense, this.eval_context acts like a global
environment for the notebook without the need to modify globalThis.

vars(...objects) assigns new properties to this.eval_context.
Those properties then become available "globally".  Note that the
"global" objects are available from any interaction element, that
is until the notebook is opened to a new file or is cleared.
The return value is undefined; this makes ${vars(...)} in a
template literal (and in markup) not insert anything into the output.

Other properties set on the "this" object, like the "global"
properties, persist until the notebook is opened to a new file or
is cleared.  However, those properties must be prefixed by "this."
to reference them.

A return statement within an interaction element terminates the
evaluation and the value of the return statement becomes the result
of the evaluation, and that result will be output.

### Ephemeral eval_context

During evaluation, a number of other values are available "globally",
though these values do not persist after the particular evaluation
(except for references from async code started during the evaluation).
These values include output_context (which provides utilities for
manipulation of the output of the interaction element), various
mathematics interfaces, and various graphics functions and other
functions to manipluate the output.  Also included are:

    settings:       current settings
    theme_settings: current theme_settings
    import_lib:     import other libraries from the lib/ directory
    vars:           export new "global" properties
    is_stopped:     determine if the evaluation has been stopped
    delay_ms:       return a Promise that resolves after a specified delay

These all continue to be available even after the evaluation has
returned if there are any async actions still active.
See the method _create_ephemeral_eval_context().
